Add oVirt docs (#5088)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-an-ovirt-connection-to-project-server-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="adding-an-ovirt-connection-to-{project-context}-server-by-using-web-ui"]
= Adding an oVirt connection to {ProjectServer} by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]
Use this procedure to add oVirt as a compute resource in {Project}.

.Procedure

> . In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Compute Resources*.

Reviewer: This is a new procedure so it would be great to see it conform to the 10-step limit. Can you utilize substeps to make the procedure easier to read?

Author: I introduced a list of substeps but merely for the sake of Vale. I actually don't think it makes things easier/better.

It's ordered substeps, isn't it?

Author: Fixed but I didn't push the changes or save my pending comment 🙈 

<img width="2085" height="814" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3df753e0-b9c7-4feb-a9a2-d4bf30b86aea" />

Reviewer: Looking at the WebUI page, how about grouping the substeps based on the UI tabs?

```
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Compute Resources*.
. Click *Create Compute Resource*.
. On the *Create Compute Resource* tab:
.. [substeps]
. On the *Locations* tab, [step]
. On the *Organizations* tab, [step]
. Click *Submit*.
```
Would that make it a more logical use of substeps?

Author: Only organizations and locations are on their own tabs:

<img width="1682" height="1666" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38925c64-fdca-4068-9d4e-0aaea4e0b2c0" />

I think it's fine as is to keep it grouped by topic rather than tab. Do you prefer something like https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/5088/changes#r3841756466?

Reviewer: I think both are fine, as long as we don't introduce the Vale error. Thanks!

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="adding-an-ovirt-connection-to-{project-context}-server-by-using-web-ui"]
= Adding an oVirt connection to {ProjectServer} by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]
Add oVirt as a compute resource to provision and manage hosts on oVirt.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Compute Resources*.
. Click *Create Compute Resource*.

> . In the *Name* field, enter a name for the new compute resource.
> . From the *Provider* list, select *oVirt*.
> . Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the compute resource.
> . Set up a connection to your oVirt instance:
> .. In the *URL* field, enter the connection URL for the oVirt API in the following form: `\https://ovirt.example.com/ovirt-engine/api/v4`.
> .. In the *User* field, enter the name of a user with permissions to access oVirt resources.
> .. In the *Password* field, enter the password of the user.
> .. Click *Load Datacenters* to populate the *Datacenter* list with data centers from your oVirt environment.
> .. From the *Datacenter* list, select a data center.
> .. From the *Quota ID* list, select a quota to limit resources available to {Project}.
> .. In the *X509 Certification Authorities* field, enter the certificate authority for SSL/TLS access.
> Alternatively, if you leave the field blank, a self-signed certificate is generated on the first API request by the server.
> . Click the *Locations* tab and select the location you want to use.
> . Click the *Organizations* tab and select the organization you want to use.

Author: ```suggestion
. On the *Create Compute Resource* tab:
.. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the new compute resource.
.. From the *Provider* list, select *oVirt*.
.. Optional: In the *Description* field, enter a description for the compute resource.
.. In the *URL* field, enter the connection URL for the oVirt API in the following form: `\https://ovirt.example.com/ovirt-engine/api/v4`.
.. In the *User* field, enter the name of a user with permissions to access oVirt resources.
.. In the *Password* field, enter the password of the user.
.. Click *Load Datacenters* to populate the *Datacenter* list with data centers from your oVirt environment.
.. From the *Datacenter* list, select a data center.
.. From the *Quota ID* list, select a quota to limit resources available to {Project}.
.. In the *X509 Certification Authorities* field, enter the certificate authority for SSL/TLS access.
Alternatively, if you leave the field blank, a self-signed certificate is generated on the first API request by the server.
. On the *Locations* tab, select the locations you want to use.
. On the *Organizations* tab, select the organizations you want to use.
```
